Hello, freak bitches. Yeah. Well,
I would just love to be a fly on the wall back then. I mean,
when you're talking about people that had very little understanding of how the
universe worked or the rudimentary understanding of science,
just to hear the wisest of the wise amongst them and try to figure out what
makes everything tick talking about how acne is the devil. Yeah.
Talk about how women were treated then that's, what's really weird.
It's like women have always been treated like. Always.
It's always been some weird sort of relationship between men and women because
we can get away with it. And that's really the bottom line about it all.
It's like what's happening today, I think,
is that because of the ability to express now,
like it's almost like something could happen to you in a bad
way and no one could know about it. Right. But now everyone can know about it.
If you express it. Yeah. If you express it, everyone can know about it.
Everyone can know. Sure.
And now everybody's realizing that and there's like a.
Well, everybody's,
it's like when black lives matter really came to the forefront, you know,
and all these white people are like, oh my God,
I didn't realize America was racist. And black people were like, really?
Cause we did. So all these women now are like, yeah, this goes on all the time.
And I even think about in comedy, you know,
and I went on this like Twitter rant the other day about it, this idea,
it's an art comedy as art and people feel ownership over it.
So you get these like boys' clubs, you know, I'm very lucky in that. I have,
you know, like you get like,
it's a group of dudes that run the show and they don't like girls,
whatever it is or the way a lot of guys make women feel. And it's so insane.
I'm like,
so because you moved to LA a year before me and you and your friends wrote the
same jokes.
You somehow think you own this art form that I've always felt a connection to my
whole life. Just because you.
Remember it. Right. Cause, well, not only that, I mean, I don't mean you get it.
Like, do you understand it? But I mean, does it happen to me?
Does it happened to you? No.
And the truth is I was able to avoid it because of what I did in my career early
on, because like winning a show like that makes you, you get to headline.
So I was never, I missed respected. It's.
Not even that as much as I just was never in the trenches as much because I got
to headline, which is always the goal. Like I just had a different path.
How much time? How much,
how many years were you doing standup before you won last comic standing? Whoa,
that's crazy. Right.
So for me, I'm even more firmly, I guess, planted in my,
in my convictions about sympathizing or empathizing with women who didn't have
the same advantage. Um, and I want to just, or anyone being bullied,
but I see it, you know, at clubs that we do,
and these are my home clubs and I love it coming up the last 10 years I've
watched, oh no, he's a good guy. And this guy cyst like systematically,
like daily harasses women and all the guys like, no, he's, we're cool.
He's friend, we're friends with him, you know, it's like, I've seen that.
I'm not going to say names,
but there are people who go out of their way to be horrific.
And I never see the guys around us. And these are all, you know,
contemporaries say anything. Cause it's like, no, he's a good guy.
He's our friend and women will DM me. Female comics will send me messages.
This is happening to me. He said this to me. What do I do? And I'm like,
all you can do is be kind, work on your jokes. that guy.
He doesn't mean anything, but it is a thing. It.
Does mean something psychologically.
If you have to go to the club and then you see that guy,
and if you see him right before you have a set.
Oh my God. Yeah. I've had, you know, disagreements. I was nervous.
This isn't you. When I, when you and I had that, this,
the thing about your phone number, I was like, I don't want to run into Joe.
I'm so afraid of Joe. And that's someone, who's a friend of mine, you know,
it's already such a weird thing to go to work. But the girls who were like,
oh yeah, I, he told me I wasn't funny. He told me I was a. He told me this.
He told me I was too XYZ to this.
And just as if the guy owns the art form, when what breaks,
my heart is like real comics like you, or like Sebastian or like people that I,
or mark Marin, like guys that I look up to that I think are so brilliant.
They don't have time to sit there and get in the head of some girl.
Who's just trying to make 15 bucks. You know, it's not your emo,
it's only losers. I always.
Feel that we're all in the same boat together.
And that if you have a vagina and I have a penis, it doesn't, we're all comics.
Like I think the really, I mean, that's God, it sounds like even to be sincere,
sounds like such horse. And it's weird day and age,
because you feel like you're trying to cover up and try to, I'm not those guys.
Hey. Yeah. But I'm not that Harvey Weinstein guy. I'm different.
I'm a sweet come with me. I'm a sweetie. We could sleep on the couch together.
Wouldn't even bother me. But you know what I mean?
Like there's but I think it's very important that all of us,
um, that, that work together. Look, I could learn from comedy about, from you.
I can learn from anybody. I mean, I've,
I've seen people do do stand up. They've seen me do stand up.
They do it different than me. We talk, you've got a different method than I do.
There. There might be something you see, it's always, we're all peers.
And we're peers. But.
I feel like that with friends.
And I feel like that with peers and I feel like that within it, you gotta,
you gotta be open. And if you're not open, you're going to miss stuff. So.
Very secure.
And I really do believe that insecurity whether you're a woman hating another
woman, whether you're a dude trying to like step to another guy,
it all comes from insecurity. So when you're, oh,
I run the show with my buddies or, you know, I've been doing it three years.
I'm owed the world. Like you're told that you're that you're owed more right.
Or conquered show, but I should have more.
It comes from this insecurity of if she gets something that I deserve and it
comes from this place of you think you deserve something. Um,
and that was a big thing for me after I did the show,
the men that I had to tour with were horrific, like mental scars,
indelible marks on my brain horrific because there wasn't this entitlement,
like how dare she take that? You know, how dare you win the show?
How dare you not roll over and die. But,
so I see that and I don't have to deal with it as much. Um,
but my heart breaks because I wish that these girls five years later could look,
could realize from like a bird's eye view when it's happening. I'm like,
but that guy's got nothing.
Like if you really are going to be that mean to a fellow comic,
you obviously hate yourself so much.
Yeah. But you don't see that. Like, I wouldn't see that if somebody hated me,
even if they were a loser, when someone hates you, it sucks. No, no,
no hate yourself. Hates them. Like if you're going to.
But if someone hates on you because they hate themselves, it still sucks.
I had a guy.
When I started, I was doing these like comedy contest and like orange county,
which were a total racket, but I don't even know the guy.
I think he was another comic. And he was like a middle-aged dad.
And he would on a weekly basis, write me hate email,
calling me names that I had never been called in my life.
I was like 23 or something. You were, like just railing on me.
And I didn't like someone jerking off of her. You don't know how to handle that.
No one I've never even had a woman be that mean to me. And so I, I took it.
I wrote back a couple of times, like, what's your problem? And it was just,
he was just a crazy person firing off at someone.
And a year later he wrote me an email to be like, I'm in rehab now.
I'm so sorry. I've got a wife, I've got kids.
So you enter into this art form and into the city with the best of intentions,
trying to keep your soul as clean as possible.
And you have no control over the crazy. That's going to be in your path.
You only have control over how you heal from it, I guess. Yeah.
And I think every comic is crazy in a certain way. There's just no way around.
If you're funny, I've never met a single funny one. That wasn't crazy.
They're all crazy. It's just, everyone's crazy. It's a different, crazy, well,
here's.
The other side of it. So you get women and, and my whole thing is like,
you should be fired from your job for not being funny.
Not because you didn't like someone. Right.
But I think some people take it a step further. They're like more for women.
I'm like, no, no, no. Do the jokes be funny?
You shouldn't get the gauges because you're a girl.
You should get a chance and you should have a chance to prove yourself and not
have one standing in the way, but this like more women in comedy, right.
The jokes be funny. I will, I will fight for you to get that chance,
but I'm not going to hire you just because you're a woman. Yeah. Yeah. The more.
Women in comedy thing, it's like, I just want humans to be good at it.
I want good, funny people. Yeah.
And I think there are more women in comedy now than ever before,
but I think there's more people in comedy now than ever before. So saturated,
it's so saturated, but I think it's a good thing.
There's a lot of competition and there's a lot of support.
Like one of the things that bothers me the most about any sort of weird that
goes on with comedians, whether it's boy, girl,
or anything else is that there's a comradery that we share
that is very unusual in a fairly competitive art form,
competitive in that I don't think it's as competitive anymore.
And what I mean by this is that I don't think that the idea of like getting a
sit-com or the host of the tonight show or, you know, these,
these limited number of gigs that are available.
I don't think that's where it's at anymore.
I think there's more people like you that are doing Netflix specials and me and
we both do podcasts. Like that kind of thing,
I think is way more open to people.
And it's way easier for us to all,
to be supportive of each other and supportive of each other in the art form of
standup. Like what's important in our world is don't steal.
Don't be an to your fellow comedians, support each other,
and I'm going to be there for you if you're there for me.
I think there's two things to that. Um, I agree.
I think it's also easier to be supportive when someone's undeniable.
I think when you're first starting out and when you're kind of in the clubs and
you're all kind of fighting for,
to figure out what you have when someone's genuinely funny, man, or a woman,
I'm the first one to be like, yes, love that.
Like I visibly fell over Sebastian when I bring them on stage and I'm sure he
like, doesn't love it, but I'm like, he's. And, and you are, I mean,
this sounds like a, like I'm stroking your ego, but it's true.
Like you single handedly,
I think change the sort of landscape in the way that we consume
comedy. Like you have this massive podcast,
you guys don't know we're in a studio that is at least 2 million square feet.
And there are stuffed animals everywhere.
Like once we're not Teddy bears and there's elk horns and there's an interactive
dinosaur exhibit, like it's huge. Um, he's like a monster drink fountain.
It's crazy. But you, you know,
having this podcast and then people see what's possible.
So what's funny is you did this and you built this sort of podcast empire and
there's other big ones too,
but this is definitely one of the most consumed on the planet.
So then it sort of opens up this new avenues.
Then you get all these other comments on, do podcasts too,
and not everybody's equipped to do it. And there is I think, a,
a glory in being one of the originals because you kind of paved the way.
And then also I up.
A lot in the beginning and got better at it.
And I was having a conversation with a good buddy of mine this morning about it.
And he was asking me about conversations.
We were just talking about conversations about letting figure.
There's like an art form to letting people talk in a way that's easy to consume
for the people that are listening. Very good.
Listener. And I think a lot of when I started my podcast, I did it.
So I could work on my listening skills. I know you were, and that was so nice.
Talk about support and you did not have to do that. Um, and I think, and I've,
I don't do a lot of podcasts. I begged to do yours.
So it was not like you asked me. And I was like, I'm busy, Joe,
but I don't do a lot of them because not every comic is a good listener or
equipped.
Well,
we were talking before the show started about some bad interviews you've done,
you know? And there's, there's always going to be, it's like,
you got to want to talk to people. I like,
I liked talking to people like this is one of the reasons why podcasts is a good
fit for me is because I'm curious. You're.
Very curious ape. Yeah. Very curious. I like.
Talking to people. I want to, like when I was saying, uh, like,
would I be a woman for a day? I want to know how the your brain works. I know,
I know you, don't how mine works. And I know, I don't know how yours works.
I'm fascinated.
And I think that we try to figure men and women try to figure out our
interactions with each other through trial and error and when sexual harassment
and sexual assault and stuff like this,
what's coming out in the news with Harvey Weinstein and, and others.
And even the Kevin Spacey stuff,
we're starting to see the Kevin's based stuff.
It's not very applicable to what I'm talking about.
Cause it's men doing it to men. But the Harvey Weinstein thing is it's like,
here's someone who's not even trying to think about how women think.
No, not only that. He was trying to think, how can I, how can I do this?
The most? He had like a network of people helping him exact that plan.
This wasn't like, I'm drunk, touch my Dick.
This was my assistant's going to squirt you in.
I'm going to send spies to try to cover this up later. Like it's maniacal. Did.
You ever see that article from 1945 with, uh,
what was that woman's name? I'll send it to you again. Oh, oh yeah. The lady,
the Irish lady, the actress that was like, if this is Hollywood easy, Jamie,
I'm going to send it to you again. Put this up on the, on the big screen.
I got a better version of it where it's not cut off is probably like, yeah,
goodbye. Yeah. This is 1945.
She was complaining that people were trying to her all the time and she couldn't
get any work. Cause they said she was cold.
She was like, uh, in order to get work, I have to like leave my husband,
get rid of my kids and be just fuckable.
Irish film star, Maureen, O'Hara sorry. Uh,
today charge Hollywood producers and directors with calling her a cold potato
without sex appeal, potato tea.
She refuses to let them make love to her. So as the mere New York correspondent,
sorry, I.
Read it. Can I read it in her Irish accent?
I'm so upset with this that I'm ready to quit.
Hollywood Marine says it's gotten so bad. I hate to come to work in the morning.
I'm helpless a victim,
a helpless victim of a Hollywood whispering campaign because I don't let the
producer and director kiss me every morning or tell them,
or let them call me and have them spread a words around town that I'm not a
woman that I am a cold piece of marble statuary, statuary.
I guess Hollywood won't consider me as anything except a cold Hunka marble until
I divorced my house.
My husband give me baby away and take my name and photograph on all the
newspapers. If that's Hollywood's idea of being a woman, I'm ready to quit now.
Crazy how good my accident is. Yeah, it's very.
Good. Um, but 1945, but this is what I've always said about Hollywood.
And this is one of the,
the real problems with the people that are involved in the business.
Not just in terms of like the way it's set up,
but the problems for the person that's doing it.
That's trying to be an actor, an actress.
Here's the problem you have to get picked. So because you have to get picked,
you have to go into places like, please like me, you're already insecure,
which is why you're an actress in the first place. Right?
The reason why you're an actor in the first place,
because you want an exorbitant amount of attention,
you probably didn't get it when you were younger.
There's something missing Daniel Day Lewis. Oh, he's a different cat. Yeah.
Or like Christian bale, a few of those folks out there.
There's a few of those freaks. Especially Daniel Day Lewis.
He's like been working the last two years as a cobbler making shoes.
He's my favorite. I love that guy. He's such a weirdo, you know?
And then when you watch him in some movies, you know,
like there will be blood and you're like, oh, okay. This is like your you're.
You're not even really acting. You just become new people. Yeah.
Like you're is that he becomes the guy on the set all the time.
He's the guy all day. I don't want to spend that much time outside of my body.
I don't either.
But the problem that I faced when I first came here was I got,
first of all, I never wanted to act. I had zero intention.
I wanted to be a comic. But then I started getting these development deals.
I went on to auditions in my very first, my,
my early days of being an actor, I got both shows.
That's I got this show called hardball. And then I got news radio.
Those are the two first two auditions that I ever went on. I know I didn't.
I just got lucky. I mean, I got his lucky as a person can get. Yeah.
Part of it was because I didn't want to do acting.
I wasn't nervous about it is a thing. And also I was coming from fighting.
So I was used to like really being nervous
[inaudible] yeah. So I could go in there, like, Hey, what's up?
How you guys doing, right. Yeah. I was fine.
Because there's a kick in the nose now, then it's fine.
Yeah. I'm not going to get a concussion and bleed out of my ears. Right. This,
but this environment where you're always wanting to get picked.
That's why everybody out here is left wing.
It's not even there they're really left wing. They have to be,
you have to wear a pink hat. You have to say, you know,
all the things that you need to say, you're,
you're literally formulating an act and you bring that act into
auditions. You bring that act onto the red carpet.
That's why you're seeing these people like Harvey Weinstein,
who would donate to the Clinton campaign and do all this.
What seemed to be like very left wing stuff, you know?
And he was the darling of left-wing Mamie's Miramax,
which is like really kind of a progressive studio. Meanwhile.
It's just a house of sexual assault. I mean,
I think you can be a total pervert and have good politics, bad politics.
I don't think, but.
Pervert. Right. There's a big difference between what he is in a perfect,
that's fine. I'm a total.
Psychopath predator. Um, and it's interesting too, because look,
Donald, Trump's a, he's a, he's the worst that being said,
we're going out and we're attacking people. There are people like,
I don't speak to my parents. They voted for Trump and I'm like, cool. Well,
when they're dead, you can, you can rethink that those four years, you know?
And we out actors, like he's a Republican, like what are you doing?
Well, some of them revel in it. Right? Like James Woods. Okay. Is hilarious.
He's on Twitter all day long fighting with him. Yeah.
But he also was not of the best moral ground. Here's something interesting. Uh,
on my book, there is a Weinstein logo. Um,
my book is the last one to be published. Get the out.
It's on the back or it's in the, I'm sorry, it's on the spine. Um,
and what I've been likening you to, and I feel like the people now it's a.
Like they got absorbed Weinstein books was only two women.
It wasn't like a huge company. I'd never met him or anything.
I liken it to like,
when your grandpa comes back from world war II and he brings back like a plate
with a Nazi in Sydney on it, like, cause they had, they made their own.
Like Nazis had like a whole home goods line. Um,
and he brings that one thing back. That's what that book is like,
like one of the last.
Ones with the w now they don't have them anymore. Well.
Look, before this had happened, anybody would have done a Miramax movie. I mean,
he was the guy. I mean the movies that they put together,
they put together some of the greatest movies of all time. I.
Think it's crazy. I think we're getting to a place now where we're realizing,
oh yeah. For every everything there's an upside down, every upside down world.
There's, you know, a whole stranger thing. Yeah. There's an underbelly to every,
the, every business you can think of.
There is a CD horrible side of it with horrible people.
And most of us choose to live in the light and think things are good.
Every industry has that. And we're just at a place now where like,
we're kind of shaking it out and people are coming forward,
but this has always existed. And it's rampant in every business.
Don't.
You think there's also,
there's like there's systems, right?
And system systems of power where someone gets to a position
where they have this massive amount of power,
almost like royalty and what a guy like Harvey Weinstein was
essentially like a Royal in some ways, right? Like royalty,
massive power, right? Massive money.
All of these people terrified of them. This big booming figure,
almost like a kingdom would cut your head off. Right.
And when you have that kind of power,
it's such an unrealistic position to be in
that. I think it's human nature to exploit those unrealistic positions.
That's why this Maureen O'Hara articles fascinating to me,
because this has always been the case,
these unrealistic positions where someone has to get chosen.
There's one person who has a billion dollars and makes a hundred movies a year.
And EV and people have to be chosen to be the chosen ones to be in those movies.
So you have a whole ecosystem, right?
And then you have people that are depending on that ecosystem for their own
service. And.
Nobody, even if they know something wants to say anything, it's like, well,
I didn't.
Know what you can't be the first one and then get fired. And then you're. Right?
That's what they're thinking.
You don't want to be the first. Well,
that's the other thing you don't want to be first. Right?
Because Rose McGowan was talking about this stuff forever. And they're like,
whatever, she's crazy. Nobody wants. Especially for women,
nobody wants to listen to that woman. And historically, you know,
like Monica Lewinsky, her life got wrecked.
And she was a young woman with the most powerful man in the world.
And we love bill Clinton and she gets called a. You know?
So it w th there's paradigm shift where people are now speaking.
And in terms of like,
if you're talking about exalting one position and someone getting chosen,
that's shifting too. People are like, it. I got a cell phone.
I don't need your movie. Right. I have 8 billion followers on Instagram.
You know, I'll just show my book. I'll just show my butt.
I'll just make a video about me eating pizza. I'm relatable now.
And so everything is shifting everything, shaking out.
I don't think this is ever going to go away,
because if you're the kind of guy that does that, that's just something that,
oh, I think you're.
Wrong. I think it's going away. I don't, I don't see how, uh,
I just don't think you can get away with it anymore. Well, it's for, for sure.
Going to get watered down. There's always going to be some amount of influence,
powerful people have that are in a position where they're choosing people.
Implying that if you are, that,
that kind of crazy where you're assaulting women,
that you're choosing good over evil, you just do. If you're a predator,
you prey.
On things, right.
He couldn't do that when he was 20 and he didn't have any money.
And he wasn't the head of a think. So I think this is just who he is.
I think sometimes.
It's who you are. So this whole, I went to rehab. I'm apologizing. I'm going to,
I'm going to listen. I'm so sorry. It's like, it's who you are.
And you can maybe stop, but that, I do believe that that's we like to think, oh,
just go, hell, go reflect for a little bit.
I love that they have a rehab that they all go to. If it's in Arizona,
we can fix you. Is it canyon? Ranch?
I don't know what it's called. It's not. They go there with Kevin.
Spacey's there right now. They go for a week.
Absolute power corrupts. Absolutely. So Dave Becky gave the whole,
a gate, wrote a follow-up letter to Lucy Ks, which I thought was,
it sounded very genuine. And there is something too, you know,
we have these levels that you exist on, you know,
and you can't be aware of. I feel like I'm going to put my foot in my mouth,
but you can't be aware of everything that's going on all the time.
Some people think he was aware of it,
but when you're dealing with these high level deals and you're at a certain
dollar amount and you're flying high above everyone else,
you genuinely might not know what's going on,
but you almost have a responsibility when you are that powerful.
And someone tells you something about your client to like,
maybe take it seriously. If I go on a Twitter rant, my manager calls,
she was like, you're acting like a maniac. Well, okay. But let's.
Let's follow that up then. What, what does one do?
So if someone is a Dave Becky,
and you think that this woman might be telling the truth,
and I don't know what Louis said to her today, Becky,
but we know that Louie told mark Marin a lie as mark Baron talked
about it on his podcast. And he said that he asked him, Hey man,
are you jerking off from the girls? He said, no, I'm not. It's just a rumor.
It's. And he goes, why don't you just talk about this rumor? And he goes,
I can't, you can't do that because then it'll give it credence. Which I guess I,
I kind of understand if it wasn't true,
but I don't think I have any this. Yeah. I don't have one either.
Definitely. Don't I don't want to seem like I'm going one side or the other.
Okay.